hello how about a Thursday more than I'm with
you many thanks for mexicana
released today in today's life I'm going to
show how to make some easy and more
bars that are going to energy and not
you have to go buying bars that
you do not know how they know or what they are
good or if they are very hard or very soft
because we do not do our own
own energy bars and thanks to
have one of our subscribers by
It's a great idea if you want to see how
we make these delicious bars
of sesame that accessing this video
bear blood and the ingredients that
we are going to need are a cup of
sesame seeds one teaspoon cinnamon
grind a little salt and half a cup
of honey
The first thing we are going to do is all
our sesame seeds on fire
medium
and when you see that they are starting to get
a little coffee
and they start like when the thunder and
to give them away from the fire now what
We put in another container because
we need the pan to heat the
honey
now let's warm our honey
We heat our honey to very low heat
and we add the little bit of salt is
almost nothing just a little
and now we are going to add a
teaspoon ground cinnamon here I do not
I am using the measure but more or less
I'm calculating
and now that we're already mixing cinnamon and
salt and our honey has already started to come out
you are little bubbles now we add the
sesame
and we mix very very well
and we're going to continue stirring until
that we see that our honey and our
sesame seeds have already been incorporated very well and
they are already very friendly another option that you
you can do is add seeds of
chia or peeled pumpkin seeds
clear or flaxseed
would be terrific okay
Now we have already removed it from the fire because
does a little head and honey
sesame everything is already well incorporated
we 're going to let it cool down like
five or seven minutes so that it is not
very cold but there is a temperature
that we will be able to roll it in
our little papers of these and so we do not
let's burn
but we can not leave much
time because then we are made
hard
we're going to need some little squares of
waxed paper and let's start putting
the sesame on paper
since we have it on paper we're going to
roll up as if it were a sweet
another option that we can do is what
you can do as well in taquitos like this or
little balls or in sweeties this other option
it's super easy we wait for it to cool
so as not to burn us as I told you and
let's start to mold our
sesame seeds in a 4
and now that it's already cold we cut it with
a knife
and that's how easy it is and our
bars
of sesame
bars apart from the high energy
will help you fight stress
depression and fatigue
I think I need a britta bar
so if you need a little push
to go to the gym to go jogging at
park then to eat them a bar
when we finished doing them if not
we have seen them on paper
I prefer to keep them in a container
as well as glass like this
and we cover
of the email
very good
it's like this the avenue of I hope that you
like it a lot like me are
addictive reveal nothing who share
this video with all
in all your social networks because here
I'll leave you all 2009 social as
facebook and twitter twitter
this video do not forget that we are still new
video, we all can see each other
in another 9
thanks for watching our channel but today
If you have not subscribed, I invite you to
subscribe here also we leave you the
previous video and the other videos that already
we have